Know what we have to do is we have to reconfigure our HWC lie with our secret key an access key.
The way to do that is quite simple.
So what I'm going to do now since I have the access key and secret key taken into a separate notepad
so I can just copy and paste it.
I'm going to use the AWOS configure command.
So I'll say AWOS configure and then I'm simply going to hit enter right now.
So AWOS Seelye is first asking for the access key from me.
Let's just copy and paste it and hit enter and then it's asking for the secret access key.
Let's just copy it and paste it to our command line.
And it is asking for the default region.
We can specify and not a region anytime we want.
But in this case if you want to operate with the WSC allied directly we have to specify a region.
So in our case I'm going to say EU central one or simply franc for the default or put format as the
format that you received the response from a WSC ally operations or requests underscoring to say it's
going to be Jason.
And here we go.
Our AWOS Seelye is configured with the access key and secret key that we just created from our I am
user from our AWOS consol.
So now we're due to work with AWOS API.
The next thing we're going to do is we're going to install the both of three library on our Python installation.